---
title:  PSDK Feature List
date: 2020-05-08
version: 2.1.0
keywords: [PSDK, feature overview]
---
It is convenience for you to use the latest version of the PSDK, use that could help you to use the new features to develop the reliable payload, please pay attention to the release information of the DJI PSDK.

> **NOTE**
> * This article is **Machine-Translated**. If you have any questions about this article, please send an <a href="mailto:dev@dji.com">E-mail </a>to DJI, we will correct it in time. DJI appreciates your support and attention.
> * The Mobile APP is DJI Pilot or a Mobile APP developed by MSDK.
> * The Payload is a device developed by PSDK.
> * The onboard computer is a computing device, such as Manifold, running a drone control program based on OSDK.

## Components
* Camera
   * Basic functions: set camera mode, take pictures, record videos, get camera status
   * Advanced Features: Pointing Zoom, Metering, Focusing, Media File Playback and Download
* Gimbal
   * Controls the speed and rotation of the gimbal
   * Set smoothing factor and maximum speed factor
   * Gimbal calibration, reset and angle adjustment

## Function module

* Information Management
    * Information acquisition: This function could help the payload obtain informations，such as the drone’s model, Hardware Platform type, and status of the DJI drone.
    * Message subscription: The payload can receive data information generated by various components on the drone in real-time, such as attitude quaternion, fusion altitude, and RTK.

* Data Transmission
    * Data transmission: Transfer the commands and data between payload, Mobile APP and Onboard computer.
    * Status acquisition: Obtain the status of the data transmission channel, which between the payload, Mobile APP and the onboard computer.
    * Bandwidth control: Set the proportion of different types of data occupying high-speed data transmission channel bandwidth.

* **SDK Interconnection**      
The application developed based on DJI OSDK can communicate with the Mobile APP developed based on MSDK and the payload developed based on PSDK. Developers use the SDK Interconnection to communicate with different products using different SDK seamlessly.

* Custom Widget
    * Payload control: According to the configuration items in the config file, DJI Pilot can display the widget designed by the developer for the payload. Using the widget, users can control the payload.
    * Floating window: DJI Pilot can display the information pushed by payloads on the floating window.

* Positioning      
Using RTK, time synchronization, and DJI's advanced sensor information fusion algorithm, developers can obtain the precise positioning information of the designated point on the payload.

* X-Port Control
    * Get status of the X-Port
    * Control the speed and rotation of the X-Port
    * X-Port reset
    * Custom stop angle

* Payload Coordination     
Payload coordination is a mode of controlling multiple payloads to cooperate. The payload received a command or obtain status information of other payloads to implement the coordination function, like view synchronization.

* Power Management     
PSDK power management could provide higher power and send the shutdown notification from the drone to payload.

* Log Management    
PSDK log management supports users using serial port or USB to print the log from the payload use terminal like Putty could display different types of the log which in different colors.

* Upgrade    
Upgrade is the function for upgrading the firmware of the payload. Developers use the upgrade function could help users select the firmware and update the payload by DJI Assistant 2.

## NOTICE
The payload developed using PSDK on RTOS **doesn't** support:
* Video streaming
* Playback and download
* High-speed data transmission
